Set-1
 1) Implement and demonstrate the FIND-S algorithm for finding the most specific  hypothesis based on a given set of training data samples. Read the training data from a  . CSV file. 

2) Develop a program for Bias, Variance, Remove duplicates , Cross Validation 
 

Set-2
1) For a given set of training data examples stored in a .CSV file, implement and demonstrate the Candidate-   
     Elimination algorithm to output a description of the set of all hypotheses consistent with the training      
     examples. 


Set-3
1) Write a program to demonstrate the working of the decision tree based ID3 algorithm. Use appropriate data set for building the decision tree and apply this knowledge to classify a new sample. 

2) Write a program to implement Categorical Encoding, One-hot Encoding


Set-4
    1) Exercises to solve the real-world problems using the following machine learning methods:  
     a) Linear Regression 
     b) Logistic Regression 
     
     


Set-5
    Build an Artificial Neural Network by implementing the Back propagation algorithm and  test the same  
     using appropriate data sets. 


Set-6
1) Write a program to implement k-Nearest Neighbor algorithm to classify the iris data set. Print both 
    correct and wrong predictions. 
2)  Write a program to Implement Support Vector Machines



Set-7
  1) Implement the non-parametric Locally Weighted Regression algorithm in order to fit data points. 
      Select appropriate data set for your experiment and draw graphs 
 
2) Write a program to Implement Principle Component Analysis 



Set-8
1) Assuming a set of documents that need to be classified, use the naïve Bayesian Classifier model to 
    perform this task. Calculate the accuracy, precision, and recall for your data set. 
2) To solve the real-world problem using the machine learning method  binary Classifier  



Set-9
Apply EM algorithm to cluster a Heart Disease Data Set. Use the same data set for clustering using k-Means algorithm. Compare the results of these two algorithms and comment on the quality of clustering. 


Set-10
Exploratory Data Analysis for Classification using Pandas or Matplotlib. 



 





